Add externalInput function (#16726)
Azure/bicep: docs/experimental-features.md

Allows Bicep to use an extensibility model to deploy non-ARM resources. Currently, we support Kubernetes extension ([Bicep Kubernetes extension](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/bicep-kubernetes-extension)) and Microsoft Graph extension ([Bicep templates for Microsoft Graph](https://aka.ms/graphbicep)).

### `externalInputFunction`

> Enables the `externalInput` function to allow reading input that will be resolved later by external tooling. This is useful for example for reading environment variables, and inline-provided parameter values during deployment.

Reviewer: I would avoid mentioning the specifics, just because we're not sure we're actually going to build support for things like env vars.

```suggestion
Enables the `externalInput` function to allow reading input that will be resolved later by external tooling. This is useful for tools that require the ability to inject values at deployment time.
```

Reviewer: I think it's also worth adding a note to explain that this isn't going to work out-of-the-box for anyone. Here's what Tate added in his description for #16655: `(Note: This feature will not work until the backend service support has been deployed)`.
